[Music]
How are you my dear Lovers of the
heart we have gossip from Big Brother
VIP after the return of Luitingo and Pilar
to opt in the repechage for a place
in gh VIP 8 the controversy has increased the
artist returned with a gift for
Kiko Rivera's ex a secret letter and up
perfume that she collected in the
confessional some words that she had to
read out loud and live
That's right Although Jessica was
eagerly awaiting a surprise outside of her partner
Pablo Marqués showed quite an enthusiasm
every so often in this beautiful and
difficult life special people are born
You were lucky to be one of them you
deserve all the life in the world all the
happiness in the world all the
beautiful moments in the world your charisma and its
essence have an incalculable value
begins by saying you know be yourself be
happy and live as you really want because
you truly deserve it here is a
detail and a letter from a person who will be
grateful for life to have
met you Thank you for everything Luitingo loves you
live and enjoy ends by
saying the letter but  controversy has
arrived with the delivery of the perfume that
came wrapped and that Jessica has opened
after what she did not expect was that this
gift was going to generate a new conflict
with Pilar Yori that exploded before this
surprise from Luitingo to Jessica it is my
perfume please I'm cracking up I
can't believe it is the one that was poured on the
pink cushion said Yori upon seeing the fragrance
after the mockery and laughter of
Luitingo's ex the model has assured that
nothing was wrong and that what really
mattered was the detail what a
coincidence added Carmen Alcaide
This has not stayed there and the
laughter and mockery have continued And before
this blunder the singer
felt so bad that he was forced to
retire to reflect alone in the
garden and well family I hope to read
your opinions in the comments
remember to leave your like and
subscribe so as not to miss a single
news of the heart I send you a
huge hug
ah